#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --max-rounds=100 --no-emit-index-url requirements/tests.in
#
-e git+https://github.com/gridsingularity/gsy-framework@master#egg=gsy_framework
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
astroid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pylint
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
avro==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
awesome-slugify==1.6.5
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
backports-entry-points-selectable==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   virtualenv
bcrypt==4.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   paramiko
behave==1.2.6
    # via behavex
behavex==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   pre-commit
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   click-default-group
    #   geocoder
    #   gsy-framework
    #   rq
click-default-group==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
colorlog==4.7.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
configobj==5.0.8
    # via behavex
coverage[toml]==7.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   paramiko
csscompressor==0.9.5
    # via behavex
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   ratelim
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   virtualenv
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   openpyxl
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
fabric3==1.14.post1
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
filelock==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flake8==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   flake8-tuple
    #   gsy-framework
flake8-tuple==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
geocoder==1.17.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via behavex
hypothesis==4.38.0
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
identify==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   pre-commit
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via behavex
jsonschema==4.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
kafka-python==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   flake8
    #   gsy-framework
    #   pylint
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   sympy
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   pre-commit
numpy==1.26.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
packaging==21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
    #   tox
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
paramiko==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   fabric3
parse==1.20.1
    # via
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
parse-type==0.6.2
    # via behave
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
plotly==5.22.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pony==0.7.17
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
pre-commit==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
psutil==5.9.8
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   flake8
    #   gsy-framework
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   flake8
    #   gsy-framework
pylint==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   paramiko
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-random-order
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
pytest-random-order==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
pytest-xdist==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   pendulum
python-rex==0.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
pytz==2024.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   pendulum
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   pre-commit
ratelim==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   geocoder
    #   gsy-framework
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   rq
regex==2024.5.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   awesome-slugify
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   geocoder
    #   gsy-framework
    #   requests-mock
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
rq==1.16.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   behave
    #   configobj
    #   fabric3
    #   flake8-tuple
    #   geocoder
    #   gsy-framework
    #   paramiko
    #   parse-type
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-rex
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
sympy==1.12
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   plotly
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pylint
tox==3.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
unidecode==0.4.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   awesome-slugify
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
    #   pre-commit
    #   tox
websockets==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   gsy-framework
