There are three different types of assets a user can currently add to their communities on the [Singularity Map](https://gridsingularity.com/singularity-map){target=_blank} - solar panels (PVs), consumption load profiles and batteries (storages) which can be grouped into homes. Each community can consist of at least two homes and assets and up to 1000 assets and/or homes. Users can create energy community prototypes quickly by adding template homes and assets using the express options, or they can configure the technical details and trading parameters of their communities’ homes and assets by exploring the advanced options of each asset. Each asset within a community can [trade energy](default-trading-strategy.md) with others and also with the grid. By default, assets tend to buy/sell energy locally with their neighbours and then if not possible they purchase the energy from the energy supplier (usually a utility). Trading occurs in [market slots](market-types.md#market-slots), which are by default 15-minute time slots in which energy assets can exchange energy at predefined market rates. This parameter can be changed by a user to reflect the spot market length of any region of the world.  Users can set custom market rates or use default rates when adding assets to their communities. Users can set trading preferences for the energy assets within their community in the advanced settings of the assets for example by indicating the type of energy they would like to purchase or preferred trading partner.
