Currently D3A has optional blockchain support, meaning that instead of the Python-simulated blockchain, a private blockchain can be used instead. Currently [ganache-cli](https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache-cli) is used by default, and it is installed when d3a is installed (via fab sync command), but it is also possible to use your own blockchain that is running on your local machine or on a remote machine. The Solidity version that is used for the smart contracts is 0.4.25, which is also installed automatically with fab sync. 

There are 3 configuration parameters that control whether D3A is using blockchain, and which blockchain it uses (the default D3A blockchain, your own local blockchain, or a remote one). The most important one is the command-line option `--enable-bc`. This starts a simulation using a real blockchain, instead of using the simulated blockchain.

Besides the command line option, there are 2 more configuration parameters that control the blockchain behavior, both of which are located in `const.py` (and are configurable for the end user via the advanced settings configuration file). First one is `BLOCKCHAIN_START_LOCAL_CHAIN`, which, if set to `True`, starts automatically a local chain (using ganache-cli) on the background when D3A starts. If it is desirable to circumvent this behavior, and use a different blockchain, then this option should be set to `False`. The second configuration setting is `BLOCKCHAIN_URL`, which defines the URL of the blockchain that is used by D3A. The default value is "[http://127.0.0.1:8545](http://127.0.0.1:8545/)", which is the URL of a ganache-cli blockchain installed on localhost. In case the blockchain account that is going to be used requires a password in order to unlock, the password can be provided using the environment variable `BLOCKCHAIN_ACCOUNT_PASSWORD`, otherwise a default password of "*testgsy*" will be used if this variable is not set. 